well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
bridges roads and parallel power
structures parallel power structures are
a concept that I touched on in a lot of
videos but I've never really dove into
the subject to deep people who want
freedom and I mean real freedom
understand that freedom comes with
responsibility a lot of it you know if
you've ever been out in the woods like
really out there you know what I'm
talking about
yeah you're free you can do anything you
want including getting yourself killed
so if you want that kind of freedom you
have to take that kind of responsibility
and if you can take that kind of
responsibility you can limit the power
of the state has and this is where
normally people get a little confused is
that whoa how do we limit the government
and a lot of times they try to get the
government to limit itself that rarely
works out in the long run a lot of times
you can defeat an overreaching or
incompetent government by ignoring it by
doing the things that need to be done
outside of them making the improvements
that need to be made without their
assistance in today's world people push
back against that idea and it's mainly
because the things that most people want
to fix are seen as infrastructure an
infrastructure is the purview of the
state it's it's the government's job
that's what they do people can't do that
on their own there's nothing that the
government can do that you can't the
government itself is just people you are
a person you can do it
and these parallel power structures are
the road to a future that has a real
freedom and in that light we're going to
use a road as our example let's say you
want to build a road you're ambitious
we're not talking about some penny-ante
Road and a subdivision no you want to
build like a highway a hundred miles or
more it's what do you have to do what do
you really have to do to do this now the
way we're taught is that when we need to
go to the government ask them then I'll
do a survey and then they'll seize land
from people and they'll build the road
that's one way to do it or before you
build that road you build some bridges
maybe you reach out to people in the
media get them on your side get them to
pitch the idea to the people in the
towns along the way the farmers that own
the land explain that it's going to help
everybody but we all need to pitch in a
little bit and it'll work it'll work
doing it that way
I know it'll work because it did in the
winter in 1909 some people whose names
have been lost to history they had a
couple of people that worked at a
newspaper reach out form build those
bridges now of course we know that
journalists names because well
journalists will always make sure their
name is in it but they went town to town
and in the towns they like okay well
we're going to let the Democrats take
care of this section of the road y'all
going to build this the Republicans are
going to take care of this section and
they use that competition actually use
the government against itself it's
fantastic they talked to the farmers
they gathered the volunteers and they
did all this over the winter they got
the material together everybody
volunteering everybody knowing that it's
going to help society as a whole
then in June they built it in a day in a
day they built it that alone is
impressive it's more impressive when you
find out the road was more than 300
miles long and ran from state line to
state line across the entire width of
the state it's called the river to River
Road
now with a feat that amazing obviously
legend has taken hold there are some
accounts that say was built in an hour
that's probably not true but by all
accounts it was built in a single day
ran all the way across across the entire
state that is a parallel power structure
and one of two things happens once one's
built either a it operates and the
government structure ceases to be
important or the government changes
that's what happened in this case when
Iowa started numbering their roads well
the river to River Road I think it
became six maybe seven the government
took that idea
and it made one little step towards the
idea that people wanted made it more
more responsive it was very clear that
the people wanted roads they built one
the government's like okay I guess we
need to do this now that's one way can
go down or the government could just
stay out of it a lot of programs came
into being this way not just
infrastructure but social programs you
know there are a lot of signs that
indicate the free lunch program or a
free breakfast program a lot of schools
was modeled after something that the
Black Panthers did they will never know
because it came out a few years later
and at that period in time it's not like
the establishment we give the Black
Panthers credit for well anything but
there's a lot of indications that that's
the way it went down these little
incremental steps and these parallel
power structures they can be built and
today it's really easy you don't have to
reach out and get the media on that your
side because you have social media you
do yourself you can get those volunteers
you can change society if you have an
idea like this it's probably time to
start building bridges so you can build
your road anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night